USER

User Registration
The passengers can create an id and get registered in their taxi booking application from the login page
 
Rating
Once the journey of the passenger ends, the user has the facility to rate your driver and provide feedbacks.
 
Book a Taxi
This feature includes:
•Set pickup Location
•Show available/online drivers with vehicle info
•Select Suitable vehicle (Type/Model)
•Estimate of Fare (per Min/Miles)
•Request for Ride
 

Trip History
The user can view the history of the travel in future.
 

Payment History
In this feature, we can analyse the payment made to the taxi driver if there are any requirements in future.



Live Routing
The passenger can fetch all the details regarding their journey from time of the arrival till the end of journey
 

Promotions/ Free-ride
The user will receive promotions/ free-ride promotions invite in the form of email or text messages.
 

Manage Ride
This helps the user to start/end Ride Notifications and then view receipt in the form of Email or Text Message.
 

Settings
This can include favourite places and notifications which can be with on/ off option.







DRIVER

Quick Registration
Drivers can easily add the required details and request for a signup
 
Select Availability
Drivers can select themselves whether to be online or offline at any anytime so that they can remain flexible.
 

Request for Real-time
Drivers get notifications in their app for new requests with the details of pickup.
 
Accept/Decline
The driver has the option to accept or reject the request received form the passengers.
 

Ride Information
Drivers get the necessary information about their customer for a convenient pickup and drop.


Google navigation to pick up and drop location
Google maps navigation to provide the right directions to the particular destination.
 



Begin/Finish Ride
Drivers can mark when they are arriving, when they are going to start the trip and also when the trip has ended in order to generate automated bills.
 

Invoice generation after reaching particular destination
At the time when the passenger reaches the destination, the driver can generate invoice for their ride.
 



Trip History
Once the trip is completed, the driver can view the history of the trip right from the point it has started till it has ended.









ADMIN


Login Securely
Login safely to your web based admin panel from any browser
 
Dashboard of Admin
Get to know the latest summary based on the various operations and performance
 

Handle Drivers
Add new drivers, review requests for signup, set reasonable rates for commission and much more.
 

Manage Customers
Simply view all your registered customers on your service and can gain their full details.
 

Manage Vehicles
Add your preferred type of vehicles and its information in order to have an easy management.


Manage Various Categories
Easily add and update your offerings in car in order to target various divisions of customer.
 

Ride Tracking
Through a master view, the trip details can be tracked right from the beginning till the end.
 

Dispatcher Panel
Taxi dispatch system is easily handled by your operators that are approved
 

Manual Bookings
Your dispatchers can easily handle new requests for booking quickly from the interface.


It can be without GPS Tracking System, we will use Source and Destination with City, Area and District.






